add weight & filter methods to crunchdecks (#442)
Crunch-io/rcrunch: NEWS.md

# crunch 1.27.5 (Development version)

> * You can set the `weight` and `filter` to be the same on each slide of a deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can set the weight and filter to the same value for every slide in a deck by assigning a `weight` or `filter` on the deck object.
```
